README.md, before:

# Crow Store

<p align="center">
  <img width="200" src="Milestone1/mockup-imgs/crow-store.png">
</p>

### Authors

| Name                                                       | USP number |
| :--------------------------------------------------------- | :--------- |
| [João Vitor Pereira Candido](https://github.com/JV-PC)     | 13751131   |
| [Luiz Felipe Diniz Costa](https://github.com/lfelipediniz) | 13782032   |
| [Guilherme de Abreu Barreto](https://github.com/de-abreu)  | 12543033   |

### Project Description

The CrowStore is an online store for selling street fashion clothing. It's based off of an initial design proposal by one of its team members. To the interested reader, it is available [here](https://github.com/JV-PC/CrowStore).

Its structure follows closely its homepage, where all other pages can be directly accessed, such as product listings, searching and administrator's controls.

### Build Procedures

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

#### Automatically install dependencies

First of all, it's needed to have [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads), and [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) installed on your system.

We've used the [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) package manager to handle our front-end dependencies and [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) to handle the back-end dependencies. Using different operational systems has been shown to produce inconsistencies during installation, so prefer to run this project using on of the various Linux based distributions available.

To automatically install all dependencies needed on the project just run: 

```bash
cd CrowStore
yarn install
cd backend
npm i
```

#### Getting Started

In one terminal, initialize the site's frontend:

```bash
cd CrowStore
yarn dev
```

In another terminal, have initialized the site's backend:

```bash
cd CrowStore/backend
npm run start
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

#### Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

## For reviewers

To enter administrator mode use the following account:
- Login: joaopereiraadm
- Password: 12345

To enter common user mode just put these data:
- Login: leandro@gmail.com
- Password: 123

## Navigation Diagram

```mermaid
  graph TD;
      Home[<a href='https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/fife/APg5EOZnSl-KNCo5YlxmlSj5forRPXGg2yky-vdU-ManFLpkRNSbcQaXCYYl3tMpff_tw68Ye9tb-WfyF-TVfrXRwEppkIWS693cCEeJlm2RX9F5Wnai27trAsBbFSGG6g03zTnmNEhS6raT0ithJrj6U1BpyZXo45BC3i7zYpA-Odmf-ElKOV4aKGSFizUQvw7SyCk3E5BSBlfgNq7oK96OOGHYHti5kxPB0Oudd1AEiMdrGBOUiJUL-QADKhdl5aKhzxmWX8fLv9SO00xJIREYS4b5_7grjclrsT_-XkSsbCDh3bSJTCjCVOrH2f7cWfsVPeHOYTt8SwWk9eyo-tj7nz4ZWTBMaGdE73DhxIJeaa22jKyIb5BssJu-27h-h4N4lYkbugZYCZJCtiQ1AZR6tmFnh8ppHjDysQFWZyMI6Te6BmreJsfYwuc_wrpFnh7r83HukN7JwkxanJDIKheUSGyG2QpPVd1PgoNIKz1gd8vqV0LUSHhzIjftallbTbdthUHxsk552NNF5yJX3m7o8XAE73ehG6qf_Ngs37LUT2S7TWPcsE60Cv3z5brIYu2p8bADpL6-SFytaXsObxYL3zfUsm9Ijux34K1Lzg_KrCrZhwlLrmSocSszHvjlHbeXWaUeoglZYsBlNPAxS6M8Kt5fCSiOj-b-bdQ8ELJIowQJoQn67mNdxca3s0nZIr2XuFz4Og0tHtaTc33QVhEVNeyrx3DGPCrTUs6O2yXtRIyIqjnWlp48U5ptw4mSrfMEHtOMselgl0788iB_04Cs9-_2JPDlvr3onKu7_Ygq6cIheCuGxnBgb9cgTXHl3SxAvGuXweAvVJmvVWtpwjSwPoVKFG-w7RP6PMwB_Qh6XnDOUgpKTaCwyHgdD7yROZUEHRwZZL83TdF93CqIkR-Fbw8b2m1HaA4P0fztNHJUwTpB8qY5xyPSaZWgNly6WCzGaQiO8tUeviXYo8j6Nm0OynbFSJToY9ojlKDbhC51vVLJQWubXQec2I9I_41WKTAU8jrAE1tIQVda87g3tbk_RbuOnWUnxSzx_X_J_TfMZlNsjx5SsXQjERdfWOc-Rgtl_A-tJXpKayGoTxqBP6zBs6dHParPy1VmAsx2TG7UqwjOZZP24DaLoBux-oEf_tiJ1S3I0vA6r-mCkjirm2QEfkFX4NDldh17yBgIJ38KxWOUm8k2bQDYf1Ti7miqENawBVncesIEQln_fybmrwEG5jy1h8yEvT9xemRapdytmPSRqwkqgeFtdIekfZ64Nd_KuQbjeHGUwRMeezMFAO6rphHQcjpSfc0ZzCM-eKF5j8PKv_eM4L3Ps_Q8ssQIHoPReRZ7zxzUqvIPKhScGX7UhYookOMaD-b66X-G0dw7g7Qi_Nz1ZLi4v1hFi3CEecx5fzfhETv9cf1K3qD_HfXrcJBJP_QoHpWCUzGpOu2vl-erpLYtZFDF07Pzi6nWBhQuo-tZufd0d0j40RBeJ0mzRT42BifrqD3g4DC3MFRTLJ4jOsLICfnhQzUKoIfLSunT_5a1NE6uSYfjhNDWOtPk7YfIKuxOHMMhDnPD6uZy2GgA0tbylX_0tNIeyA-5b0ZPcLiUC7WNoJ19qvk44I3zbqgAzsdwsqC8PDyBeUj0psI-8tZuE7Q0wzEhFZ5obuAd9KzRsxs1dL0=w1919-h933'>Home</a>]---Carrinho[<a href='https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/fife/APg5EOZ-S1TOGZmVU-ahJswiVVK9H5-EebKGO-ckFBAlduVHIhKnSkJ7CXGuoW04Tm0Yw-TGQRVjS7TBJPB5jP3h5-ntdCuMU3tC9vI5E7o0bFMANM03lmcbHLfSHEU-tiB6G3H_8NHOnI6dDA4MDwA6eKUbOtI9erwKCsbiFMyC6fMYaci4KgjfsJZfEKxaX1WZPQFmT6TCV8gSLd-a3vh12-8MX4a_1MYspQnyE7k0JrfF2xDlWNoHLsR5AVlCcycOLRJ2vVCiqJy1XqTl2W2MWffgStjk-xobKA51mVZ7L5w3XOoyCvRVTHS2hMivG5olzPcPWgEJMBoFNJMK_50k9wwd4CIbPVNEKNh3yVwLH1KtjBSjEExhzZdvZyH94AFH7yDopNNOg3jlw-yzcmrgZ57boufqy5AkESsyUIkCJH-uRVKyXlpxSBSGB9JC9kDWfvHP_y8ays9C_IxrwhIYglgk1MFFb3HZ1Clhhyy3XdNsUqAusN7bXlC0NEr76lyP_aPL9pYQAJRFGvtm20GCVUx8F3cPd2-OFKdmZF6nC5fInEbxxITDY1Gfsr4UfphHFzm5Lb6HwqQWonN2nPaBBcei197mg_-Y6NTiVZrqJv98mjtVhq7OXOISKjt3uKsMxY40jj7ejdToqhyljtlobJ-9g74OA05qZmftuLXtusABw8leQ7NZU94wXWwlUHQNPYceup8Hg9ppgUAwDBwQxXBD5sbKEojpTkZ9avx2ty4LO24yBqHpaDPg77UCJWlp0SjQuECScmO-ilWQA9NWH4hXCGcK55js6TSwlxFBZUqRCp7mIIxjtRRUV3LVcy6QlCh3CU8R5nCwC84_iOcABmEkJz3TvQyIF9q3sJ6CwTR_0XEV3BYWosbbvPNCuJEnzexuDy-7CSep1447oMjsSsmzWPoHiX-IUltDh37mrMejiyc7foy367EB4eYmE-snzMocT1ILqa3b986jtReeTz_ghFBMptEeG9NSu9_eX_XdIqSky8Ojej986U4_ponYvdulZ1WxMOT88kTd83HhCLyUc8eMrgMS9_tYdFtQWbjvH0DfYnv1HVmJpQL4Guc7uxl8WjzuevpTgLo0Yv-jeFxk1DvFHPox7FRJG6nZ8YXT8-3qJJlpUAxz0WGMfc0PHjxemkMPgfelTxxR3uWde19M0byfB8284qcyKjdK2LlLtgeh067lj2xHHf3kMEhEqpwfPpIjAcFp_R8wPymx5aKjeBW3fjRdDoMb3fczezUdxOAOXvX5UPrEL2F2XUpAfw03Mw17xAadRyM-LGA_eevkvqg-Z0lfXv5mmhtfIEMqBMUClKCia-1AvM3W6MJViVdNsefOfhuJh0dtPI0LOu4YQU2atnZ1whrbBcA_VkLWUAJRsmRBFXVY4mHOeTYx_2tw2QY0gUl_2zcuC7wmM0_afBd02Bl1j51wYQ3xzu7REXOE2cI5lRlN81TeDM552GYosoKQv5sMfGVELRoy16R9iOsVYn-PVtkt_T8pqglNWsEIpDUw4e3lxN267eZDAM4F5WO55MBZ9nAJcReNNL29NE6sA2PHusCQi3i08SoKA3Z6vEMpfxgpPDMZDbZjE5c37Jf7FXATV4XDO_j2e6KP-NX4e7zW42g8Dzt1Y2D69LUrTJpDkooRd2YE6XOYIwx9Z6Ox8lU=w1919-h933'>Carrinho</a>];

      Home---LogIn[<a href='https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lfelipediniz/CrowStore/main/Milestone1/mockup-imgs/login.jpg'>LogIn</a>];
      LogIn---Usuário
      LogIn---Admin[<a href='https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lfelipediniz/CrowStore/main/Milestone1/mockup-imgs/admin.png'>Admin</a>];
      Home---Search[<a href='https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/fife/APg5EObNCKxL4nmczWdohUWJQY6O-XS7xOvGnJ9frFhzrAkH6PaCKdnG1BHbSZaFq79Tj5s6isUUVZ-bSZFMdEcYkImjpruiA-LUviHfj9KLAg7mMjFKkbDZwNVnfUkxgSDpImGoHMuP_hevuw5wj8Z4YdsqWxaHURybReOLRlcrVWNSezsWJv5axEWPEfsHBDtbeAkFa_7UBQzVYbjly4osfYNrx9LIHy2sB76lMePLbqVzx6XpXL5-J4vP77kom1_HxfSMeaW8oJxduffhhHNBOuwtVWAjkJaQ_Tf3qZDhHAIR5FpZk0yay9fV7Ys9mDcidjqm9aUiqcid_X81TNiXT522T2I_Q0MJzroTJgGpysD3h3dlr8O8tsI5Oq-1NWcxEDQwJOIhaMV_oKPYPl-k1QfgehWLWlesCIxo8qKlYIxJAfWJoUM05EXPDgaDrLI8uZOyqvs56uPMUFZXZmO6EGsC-ZnSdzeTTsJqfh1E89hLYwls4GUzaPJ4ee0L4sq9zSg1dU-6ZVCtqWRJCUo3lCxdl39SFbUUDCF-W_Ju_i63lZSMcUXOeQ4qtryXhkI4_4ZJPXPKZt-Jgq0XvqegeXF030h9FJzHYaGmLkzOlC0ZWY0EK0GFnp21cbyUF7iMzg_XBNqD08zC_V2fPpKc7eR9ZXVFGQ708My701-Rf5Hb4pPdBqkI2JjOF1yFwMLg4KF7LP7CxvkdXsr3bNQoH6_krIFf-JqBUTNMWV-N-mJxPZfS-saZFxL_uULzpfdo7Y2jcPDJiRnuMB_m5uAy6xftQc8l_gMXsH4d-UQOE8MHBYZ4Jg0KkxpRV9LtwxKVomoTK8QBPvXstt_5UsHImfGi3THw2hMLv_fDh5igzKWY_a08cyAABeC3tzVGE0KJTjRd1pCdCFEiDwxkIfKrRvNWqQ6H28rARfCfwV28zwh8xOlrcQoNh8zMTsjp4W2W2UeWcrCFCbV9GHpHncnT5qrh1OM3FO_HtUTTw3dXzA1FJx2shD36EH9AAAJhpnJhqS_o5Zo8ps-IzUcFA0XHoIfGOHCt0FJg7Fh6U11b76pJ72Cqvlz5n66PVLk_PXxG5nVSITa8b18_T_Z5a9DrHtTqyx80268M5rci3kMEtvCOfiVfVMHBTbZGeArDDXm4JTnpnGx1hAUDKJhoYXX82masculinor6-PsHAkn7NlYuzBvXsN8w2vQOQHklSTHahDjpXfAkSUJjJbA_ldndZ0cRODcGvDfhtZdFOzPEjmtRTPnJ4gWmmJFm-5yKTh8eQl3RdKfjbdsodl0XwW4qH03YnKARAIPJeFGPp3XHvPk3yek8EJT0i7p-Qp5kc756dC0BHIN3jXnxBIKFgmu4vp1FeeZbnRE2Nx5ZWuNMoah_WapeCaqYTI1F-VfCpcVwdBO53ffhKVQCdS4B9vHNYAhjLJ-VkRuxiurVi9YgaK8B9tgW9jupMakQCry8pAFpzZGOOej4UVmUE-5qdo07KRsk7fYdouL-Vxkxt57HwMoxMRdz9OZKAqhhQowg11n3kZLJqfolkk77QhDcHxJjPGLM35IolGZkBL8nBJpHABYJEKWMKTeYsrLOB34Uq6xaatjHuOY6_6GGPVMSnrs_A168zyE9tbMRhBWKBq2brf5VeFQjNc-IYIAA9lNDKYMKrGE7Jc9AsgIU77W8o=w1919-h933'>Search</a>];
      Home---Produto[<a href='https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/fife/APg5EOaVH-xSJFfoEgprKkRNqLphgN1bT06k4Sp6brd0guljlBp7hicCZzNGQfEPvAFGnBR-CsGTjehakL1uAR3C_U92O9qzi8GBEbDfLPCmo3tFRVBXBvRH5YNDMoDL8lXzphVkGLTZYxg5GBDWTyz_Zr9rP4bhTPnULxng6tobqMURaDTLdaX9QoC1uVndvAGAWDZYCkc4kD-QTqBvyAhizC4aOCelW8k8rZcTbCA1e_tAIIe9rKWJq1P2ZceFEsccVGx9U-lnRjDza7kk8kdit-EGkmt_WzwFfuF62EPayUQt8eC6QSI2BY9GTYAP6VkXwBRsw4nssY5JD8zwy8QK7ydoXQ6Qaz1Tm-qXDsMYl5WwWylESCOXH_CuYkp_WI-O04s6OMRYE9Dets5XVevdai08n1Z6OEGaacDQfszBLUmTmCkQwGGv8aVXPMR24meMKcry4LFhIhIvt-5r0Fg_Ld6ia9pfnsl4wilXP7vHM6K1hWRjsUIjTuezhDX3hA3CvUP2-PKllK2t012xmrdpQv5G_T14oTJTF3IkwxaYLb6WjHEFHlivzSmXdN75GlObR1SooeXLvVVAxiiu7HdhuIy0sn9RwZh02xWWeqWfJwXJmxj5G4O1lbRDsA-Vo4stLTyojUrPaHcYHb_Q1WUkFPhoHsXYWdMspoXe-Rvw3T08OqzxOuZjS6NiIosHnbjeusAKnCflpRJTTWRxhSKt5xXRWECdmkXvfBut769OBhWi7XmhxmLoI-4osv-mFFPt5afL5nBeEfPL02kJcPeaujfcW4jgKlJOYH4f8mTfIK-aVarTMRWV_3g9YS4fIps5ho4W5sM-yDJSgsr-t2rQfOXikWoNoiif_qtN2ZrVm1KXumLW7UiKzSF7EEK1KKw4Kx_Fggkcbo_dLB2eHG2xtvrtpYxp3nGPjxsnXdgzo3optxAdxdhb2Yw5uSFeLHat6t081zSrlSj0b8AP1fjSTB4rtirkgVWN_TwBJXnxGBTBkhujHiU9FGcXX6jCZoxOfl8DbL8e6BC6JyFaHa-8Erm4vffL6tKlJKzhDh9_OFPX4iKuHo-eq833up0jb-Wvv_Fm5znlwvxZjipycuCI68RBngfX7iU8beb-pGHWsAorxx76M7OFbMg8cl1KrWDfEFhnGe4PrGgv96OjglwMMu4Ykzz4lnyDuumSjIAX7C1YL8w1zFO_5kGx0eZirkGFXFTHMcFgC2xUojItT_dNKx0IZbFA-Tv_S6J9Yk6pZ4_mDMokQrU9fYdtnLq8ZS6Q-QkRvBevVV_9HY4FI0Y4uzA8g-r7g8G4ApULoe_HzZaeJ36aiGzIrWXKlSNY6L0_Gi4-JwrAiAwjKbSgZk9Sz6_3h4HxJgDRx2Fs27hTt3I7dnnfLH9HJolb8P6UdcC_UdYu29EHG4hZoY2gFDpwvsyHXWqdGaKXcdEeOX2b-pWSkV_8OF60Z7J9SnJc0QY-gA7ZX6sbJ61yi0RtfPMIQrSH-xqtnuOOOF0Q2c7iynX-kVs1-UNCwBUI9KViF5nsbfwh0Nan4MlCJ8rB7APgUbuBOp9Yjf29F4iQSdWFNWUFnDaZKtVfr4eVZvD3dsrpnhlOCYl1S6NLZBqYIjVFrT7iZdTr66uZBzXwISSFyLlLHtK7JAFO3vteq90f-AtTp7Ko2b78nBI=w1919-h933'>Produto</a>];
      Search---Produto
      Produto---LogIn
      Produto---Carrinho
      Home---Carrinho
      Usuário---Carrinho
      LogIn---Carrinho
```

### Mockup images (Milestone 1)

<div style="align: center;">
  <img src="Milestone1/mockup-imgs/mockhome.gif" alt="Home mockup">
</div>



Samples of this site's pages appearance can be found in this [**folder**](https://github.com/lfelipediniz/CrowStore/tree/main/Milestone1/mockup-imgs)

## Website frontend only (Milestone 2)

https://crowstore.vercel.app/

### The requirements met by the project

Our website includes interfaces for both customers and administrators, and capabilities for registering users and products. We've added as an specific functionality to it a dynamic search with a tag-based filtering system. Products are chosen by their type, specific model (such as color and size) and quantity to be added to a cart, where they can be purchased using PIX or a credit card. All pages in the website are fully responsive.

### Comments About the Code

A comment about the mockups and the navigation diagram developed. We are trying to faithfully follow what was proposed through mockups and the navigation diagram. We believe that we will be very faithful to what was presented through them.

For the first delivery, the mockup was used and now the react backend, with elements based on the aesthetics presented by the prototype initially presented as an idea for the site.

For the second delivery, polishing and a large part of the backend of the project were done, aiming at a quality delivery. In addition, the visualization of the same in different screen resolutions was also thought.

### Test Plan

The initial plan is to use the navigation diagram to test the full functionality of the site.

For the second delivery, you already have an application usable when running the application (frontend and backend together), facilitating the testing of its functionalities.

### Test Results

### Problems

Commit message:

Updated README with the Test Procedures

README.md, after:

# Crow Store

<p align="center">
  <img width="200" src="Milestone1/mockup-imgs/crow-store.png">
</p>

### Authors

| Name                                                       | USP number |
| :--------------------------------------------------------- | :--------- |
| [João Vitor Pereira Candido](https://github.com/JV-PC)     | 13751131   |
| [Luiz Felipe Diniz Costa](https://github.com/lfelipediniz) | 13782032   |
| [Guilherme de Abreu Barreto](https://github.com/de-abreu)  | 12543033   |

### Project Description

The CrowStore is an online store for selling street fashion clothing. It's based off of an initial design proposal by one of its team members. To the interested reader, it is available [here](https://github.com/JV-PC/CrowStore).

Its structure follows closely its homepage, where all other pages can be directly accessed, such as product listings, searching and administrator's controls.

### Build Procedures

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

#### Automatically install dependencies

First of all, it's needed to have [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads), and [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) installed on your system.

We've used the [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) package manager to handle our front-end dependencies and [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) to handle the back-end dependencies. Using different operational systems has been shown to produce inconsistencies during installation, so prefer to run this project using on of the various Linux based distributions available.

To automatically install all dependencies needed on the project just run: 

```bash
cd CrowStore
yarn install
cd backend
npm i
```

#### Getting Started

In one terminal, initialize the site's frontend:

```bash
cd CrowStore
yarn dev
```

In another terminal, have initialized the site's backend:

```bash
cd CrowStore/backend
npm run start
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

#### Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

## For reviewers

To enter administrator mode use the following account:
- Login: joaopereiraadm
- Password: 12345

To enter common user mode just put these data:
- Login: leandro@gmail.com
- Password: 123

## Navigation Diagram

```mermaid
  graph TD;
      Home[<a href='https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/fife/APg5EOZnSl-KNCo5YlxmlSj5forRPXGg2yky-vdU-ManFLpkRNSbcQaXCYYl3tMpff_tw68Ye9tb-WfyF-TVfrXRwEppkIWS693cCEeJlm2RX9F5Wnai27trAsBbFSGG6g03zTnmNEhS6raT0ithJrj6U1BpyZXo45BC3i7zYpA-Odmf-ElKOV4aKGSFizUQvw7SyCk3E5BSBlfgNq7oK96OOGHYHti5kxPB0Oudd1AEiMdrGBOUiJUL-QADKhdl5aKhzxmWX8fLv9SO00xJIREYS4b5_7grjclrsT_-XkSsbCDh3bSJTCjCVOrH2f7cWfsVPeHOYTt8SwWk9eyo-tj7nz4ZWTBMaGdE73DhxIJeaa22jKyIb5BssJu-27h-h4N4lYkbugZYCZJCtiQ1AZR6tmFnh8ppHjDysQFWZyMI6Te6BmreJsfYwuc_wrpFnh7r83HukN7JwkxanJDIKheUSGyG2QpPVd1PgoNIKz1gd8vqV0LUSHhzIjftallbTbdthUHxsk552NNF5yJX3m7o8XAE73ehG6qf_Ngs37LUT2S7TWPcsE60Cv3z5brIYu2p8bADpL6-SFytaXsObxYL3zfUsm9Ijux34K1Lzg_KrCrZhwlLrmSocSszHvjlHbeXWaUeoglZYsBlNPAxS6M8Kt5fCSiOj-b-bdQ8ELJIowQJoQn67mNdxca3s0nZIr2XuFz4Og0tHtaTc33QVhEVNeyrx3DGPCrTUs6O2yXtRIyIqjnWlp48U5ptw4mSrfMEHtOMselgl0788iB_04Cs9-_2JPDlvr3onKu7_Ygq6cIheCuGxnBgb9cgTXHl3SxAvGuXweAvVJmvVWtpwjSwPoVKFG-w7RP6PMwB_Qh6XnDOUgpKTaCwyHgdD7yROZUEHRwZZL83TdF93CqIkR-Fbw8b2m1HaA4P0fztNHJUwTpB8qY5xyPSaZWgNly6WCzGaQiO8tUeviXYo8j6Nm0OynbFSJToY9ojlKDbhC51vVLJQWubXQec2I9I_41WKTAU8jrAE1tIQVda87g3tbk_RbuOnWUnxSzx_X_J_TfMZlNsjx5SsXQjERdfWOc-Rgtl_A-tJXpKayGoTxqBP6zBs6dHParPy1VmAsx2TG7UqwjOZZP24DaLoBux-oEf_tiJ1S3I0vA6r-mCkjirm2QEfkFX4NDldh17yBgIJ38KxWOUm8k2bQDYf1Ti7miqENawBVncesIEQln_fybmrwEG5jy1h8yEvT9xemRapdytmPSRqwkqgeFtdIekfZ64Nd_KuQbjeHGUwRMeezMFAO6rphHQcjpSfc0ZzCM-eKF5j8PKv_eM4L3Ps_Q8ssQIHoPReRZ7zxzUqvIPKhScGX7UhYookOMaD-b66X-G0dw7g7Qi_Nz1ZLi4v1hFi3CEecx5fzfhETv9cf1K3qD_HfXrcJBJP_QoHpWCUzGpOu2vl-erpLYtZFDF07Pzi6nWBhQuo-tZufd0d0j40RBeJ0mzRT42BifrqD3g4DC3MFRTLJ4jOsLICfnhQzUKoIfLSunT_5a1NE6uSYfjhNDWOtPk7YfIKuxOHMMhDnPD6uZy2GgA0tbylX_0tNIeyA-5b0ZPcLiUC7WNoJ19qvk44I3zbqgAzsdwsqC8PDyBeUj0psI-8tZuE7Q0wzEhFZ5obuAd9KzRsxs1dL0=w1919-h933'>Home</a>]---Carrinho[<a href='https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/fife/APg5EOZ-S1TOGZmVU-ahJswiVVK9H5-EebKGO-ckFBAlduVHIhKnSkJ7CXGuoW04Tm0Yw-TGQRVjS7TBJPB5jP3h5-ntdCuMU3tC9vI5E7o0bFMANM03lmcbHLfSHEU-tiB6G3H_8NHOnI6dDA4MDwA6eKUbOtI9erwKCsbiFMyC6fMYaci4KgjfsJZfEKxaX1WZPQFmT6TCV8gSLd-a3vh12-8MX4a_1MYspQnyE7k0JrfF2xDlWNoHLsR5AVlCcycOLRJ2vVCiqJy1XqTl2W2MWffgStjk-xobKA51mVZ7L5w3XOoyCvRVTHS2hMivG5olzPcPWgEJMBoFNJMK_50k9wwd4CIbPVNEKNh3yVwLH1KtjBSjEExhzZdvZyH94AFH7yDopNNOg3jlw-yzcmrgZ57boufqy5AkESsyUIkCJH-uRVKyXlpxSBSGB9JC9kDWfvHP_y8ays9C_IxrwhIYglgk1MFFb3HZ1Clhhyy3XdNsUqAusN7bXlC0NEr76lyP_aPL9pYQAJRFGvtm20GCVUx8F3cPd2-OFKdmZF6nC5fInEbxxITDY1Gfsr4UfphHFzm5Lb6HwqQWonN2nPaBBcei197mg_-Y6NTiVZrqJv98mjtVhq7OXOISKjt3uKsMxY40jj7ejdToqhyljtlobJ-9g74OA05qZmftuLXtusABw8leQ7NZU94wXWwlUHQNPYceup8Hg9ppgUAwDBwQxXBD5sbKEojpTkZ9avx2ty4LO24yBqHpaDPg77UCJWlp0SjQuECScmO-ilWQA9NWH4hXCGcK55js6TSwlxFBZUqRCp7mIIxjtRRUV3LVcy6QlCh3CU8R5nCwC84_iOcABmEkJz3TvQyIF9q3sJ6CwTR_0XEV3BYWosbbvPNCuJEnzexuDy-7CSep1447oMjsSsmzWPoHiX-IUltDh37mrMejiyc7foy367EB4eYmE-snzMocT1ILqa3b986jtReeTz_ghFBMptEeG9NSu9_eX_XdIqSky8Ojej986U4_ponYvdulZ1WxMOT88kTd83HhCLyUc8eMrgMS9_tYdFtQWbjvH0DfYnv1HVmJpQL4Guc7uxl8WjzuevpTgLo0Yv-jeFxk1DvFHPox7FRJG6nZ8YXT8-3qJJlpUAxz0WGMfc0PHjxemkMPgfelTxxR3uWde19M0byfB8284qcyKjdK2LlLtgeh067lj2xHHf3kMEhEqpwfPpIjAcFp_R8wPymx5aKjeBW3fjRdDoMb3fczezUdxOAOXvX5UPrEL2F2XUpAfw03Mw17xAadRyM-LGA_eevkvqg-Z0lfXv5mmhtfIEMqBMUClKCia-1AvM3W6MJViVdNsefOfhuJh0dtPI0LOu4YQU2atnZ1whrbBcA_VkLWUAJRsmRBFXVY4mHOeTYx_2tw2QY0gUl_2zcuC7wmM0_afBd02Bl1j51wYQ3xzu7REXOE2cI5lRlN81TeDM552GYosoKQv5sMfGVELRoy16R9iOsVYn-PVtkt_T8pqglNWsEIpDUw4e3lxN267eZDAM4F5WO55MBZ9nAJcReNNL29NE6sA2PHusCQi3i08SoKA3Z6vEMpfxgpPDMZDbZjE5c37Jf7FXATV4XDO_j2e6KP-NX4e7zW42g8Dzt1Y2D69LUrTJpDkooRd2YE6XOYIwx9Z6Ox8lU=w1919-h933'>Carrinho</a>];

      Home---LogIn[<a href='https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lfelipediniz/CrowStore/main/Milestone1/mockup-imgs/login.jpg'>LogIn</a>];
      LogIn---Usuário
      LogIn---Admin[<a href='https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lfelipediniz/CrowStore/main/Milestone1/mockup-imgs/admin.png'>Admin</a>];
      Home---Search[<a href='https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/fife/APg5EObNCKxL4nmczWdohUWJQY6O-XS7xOvGnJ9frFhzrAkH6PaCKdnG1BHbSZaFq79Tj5s6isUUVZ-bSZFMdEcYkImjpruiA-LUviHfj9KLAg7mMjFKkbDZwNVnfUkxgSDpImGoHMuP_hevuw5wj8Z4YdsqWxaHURybReOLRlcrVWNSezsWJv5axEWPEfsHBDtbeAkFa_7UBQzVYbjly4osfYNrx9LIHy2sB76lMePLbqVzx6XpXL5-J4vP77kom1_HxfSMeaW8oJxduffhhHNBOuwtVWAjkJaQ_Tf3qZDhHAIR5FpZk0yay9fV7Ys9mDcidjqm9aUiqcid_X81TNiXT522T2I_Q0MJzroTJgGpysD3h3dlr8O8tsI5Oq-1NWcxEDQwJOIhaMV_oKPYPl-k1QfgehWLWlesCIxo8qKlYIxJAfWJoUM05EXPDgaDrLI8uZOyqvs56uPMUFZXZmO6EGsC-ZnSdzeTTsJqfh1E89hLYwls4GUzaPJ4ee0L4sq9zSg1dU-6ZVCtqWRJCUo3lCxdl39SFbUUDCF-W_Ju_i63lZSMcUXOeQ4qtryXhkI4_4ZJPXPKZt-Jgq0XvqegeXF030h9FJzHYaGmLkzOlC0ZWY0EK0GFnp21cbyUF7iMzg_XBNqD08zC_V2fPpKc7eR9ZXVFGQ708My701-Rf5Hb4pPdBqkI2JjOF1yFwMLg4KF7LP7CxvkdXsr3bNQoH6_krIFf-JqBUTNMWV-N-mJxPZfS-saZFxL_uULzpfdo7Y2jcPDJiRnuMB_m5uAy6xftQc8l_gMXsH4d-UQOE8MHBYZ4Jg0KkxpRV9LtwxKVomoTK8QBPvXstt_5UsHImfGi3THw2hMLv_fDh5igzKWY_a08cyAABeC3tzVGE0KJTjRd1pCdCFEiDwxkIfKrRvNWqQ6H28rARfCfwV28zwh8xOlrcQoNh8zMTsjp4W2W2UeWcrCFCbV9GHpHncnT5qrh1OM3FO_HtUTTw3dXzA1FJx2shD36EH9AAAJhpnJhqS_o5Zo8ps-IzUcFA0XHoIfGOHCt0FJg7Fh6U11b76pJ72Cqvlz5n66PVLk_PXxG5nVSITa8b18_T_Z5a9DrHtTqyx80268M5rci3kMEtvCOfiVfVMHBTbZGeArDDXm4JTnpnGx1hAUDKJhoYXX82masculinor6-PsHAkn7NlYuzBvXsN8w2vQOQHklSTHahDjpXfAkSUJjJbA_ldndZ0cRODcGvDfhtZdFOzPEjmtRTPnJ4gWmmJFm-5yKTh8eQl3RdKfjbdsodl0XwW4qH03YnKARAIPJeFGPp3XHvPk3yek8EJT0i7p-Qp5kc756dC0BHIN3jXnxBIKFgmu4vp1FeeZbnRE2Nx5ZWuNMoah_WapeCaqYTI1F-VfCpcVwdBO53ffhKVQCdS4B9vHNYAhjLJ-VkRuxiurVi9YgaK8B9tgW9jupMakQCry8pAFpzZGOOej4UVmUE-5qdo07KRsk7fYdouL-Vxkxt57HwMoxMRdz9OZKAqhhQowg11n3kZLJqfolkk77QhDcHxJjPGLM35IolGZkBL8nBJpHABYJEKWMKTeYsrLOB34Uq6xaatjHuOY6_6GGPVMSnrs_A168zyE9tbMRhBWKBq2brf5VeFQjNc-IYIAA9lNDKYMKrGE7Jc9AsgIU77W8o=w1919-h933'>Search</a>];
      Home---Produto[<a href='https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/fife/APg5EOaVH-xSJFfoEgprKkRNqLphgN1bT06k4Sp6brd0guljlBp7hicCZzNGQfEPvAFGnBR-CsGTjehakL1uAR3C_U92O9qzi8GBEbDfLPCmo3tFRVBXBvRH5YNDMoDL8lXzphVkGLTZYxg5GBDWTyz_Zr9rP4bhTPnULxng6tobqMURaDTLdaX9QoC1uVndvAGAWDZYCkc4kD-QTqBvyAhizC4aOCelW8k8rZcTbCA1e_tAIIe9rKWJq1P2ZceFEsccVGx9U-lnRjDza7kk8kdit-EGkmt_WzwFfuF62EPayUQt8eC6QSI2BY9GTYAP6VkXwBRsw4nssY5JD8zwy8QK7ydoXQ6Qaz1Tm-qXDsMYl5WwWylESCOXH_CuYkp_WI-O04s6OMRYE9Dets5XVevdai08n1Z6OEGaacDQfszBLUmTmCkQwGGv8aVXPMR24meMKcry4LFhIhIvt-5r0Fg_Ld6ia9pfnsl4wilXP7vHM6K1hWRjsUIjTuezhDX3hA3CvUP2-PKllK2t012xmrdpQv5G_T14oTJTF3IkwxaYLb6WjHEFHlivzSmXdN75GlObR1SooeXLvVVAxiiu7HdhuIy0sn9RwZh02xWWeqWfJwXJmxj5G4O1lbRDsA-Vo4stLTyojUrPaHcYHb_Q1WUkFPhoHsXYWdMspoXe-Rvw3T08OqzxOuZjS6NiIosHnbjeusAKnCflpRJTTWRxhSKt5xXRWECdmkXvfBut769OBhWi7XmhxmLoI-4osv-mFFPt5afL5nBeEfPL02kJcPeaujfcW4jgKlJOYH4f8mTfIK-aVarTMRWV_3g9YS4fIps5ho4W5sM-yDJSgsr-t2rQfOXikWoNoiif_qtN2ZrVm1KXumLW7UiKzSF7EEK1KKw4Kx_Fggkcbo_dLB2eHG2xtvrtpYxp3nGPjxsnXdgzo3optxAdxdhb2Yw5uSFeLHat6t081zSrlSj0b8AP1fjSTB4rtirkgVWN_TwBJXnxGBTBkhujHiU9FGcXX6jCZoxOfl8DbL8e6BC6JyFaHa-8Erm4vffL6tKlJKzhDh9_OFPX4iKuHo-eq833up0jb-Wvv_Fm5znlwvxZjipycuCI68RBngfX7iU8beb-pGHWsAorxx76M7OFbMg8cl1KrWDfEFhnGe4PrGgv96OjglwMMu4Ykzz4lnyDuumSjIAX7C1YL8w1zFO_5kGx0eZirkGFXFTHMcFgC2xUojItT_dNKx0IZbFA-Tv_S6J9Yk6pZ4_mDMokQrU9fYdtnLq8ZS6Q-QkRvBevVV_9HY4FI0Y4uzA8g-r7g8G4ApULoe_HzZaeJ36aiGzIrWXKlSNY6L0_Gi4-JwrAiAwjKbSgZk9Sz6_3h4HxJgDRx2Fs27hTt3I7dnnfLH9HJolb8P6UdcC_UdYu29EHG4hZoY2gFDpwvsyHXWqdGaKXcdEeOX2b-pWSkV_8OF60Z7J9SnJc0QY-gA7ZX6sbJ61yi0RtfPMIQrSH-xqtnuOOOF0Q2c7iynX-kVs1-UNCwBUI9KViF5nsbfwh0Nan4MlCJ8rB7APgUbuBOp9Yjf29F4iQSdWFNWUFnDaZKtVfr4eVZvD3dsrpnhlOCYl1S6NLZBqYIjVFrT7iZdTr66uZBzXwISSFyLlLHtK7JAFO3vteq90f-AtTp7Ko2b78nBI=w1919-h933'>Produto</a>];
      Search---Produto
      Produto---LogIn
      Produto---Carrinho
      Home---Carrinho
      Usuário---Carrinho
      LogIn---Carrinho
```

### Mockup images (Milestone 1)

<div style="align: center;">
  <img src="Milestone1/mockup-imgs/mockhome.gif" alt="Home mockup">
</div>



Samples of this site's pages appearance can be found in this [**folder**](https://github.com/lfelipediniz/CrowStore/tree/main/Milestone1/mockup-imgs)

## Website frontend only (Milestone 2)

https://crowstore.vercel.app/

### The requirements met by the project

Our website includes interfaces for both customers and administrators, and capabilities for registering users and products. We've added as an specific functionality to it a dynamic search with a tag-based filtering system. Products are chosen by their type, specific model (such as color and size) and quantity to be added to a cart, where they can be purchased using PIX or a credit card. All pages in the website are fully responsive.

### Comments About the Code

A comment about the mockups and the navigation diagram developed. We are trying to faithfully follow what was proposed through mockups and the navigation diagram. We believe that we will be very faithful to what was presented through them.

For the first delivery, the mockup was used and now the react backend, with elements based on the aesthetics presented by the prototype initially presented as an idea for the site.

For the second delivery, polishing and a large part of the backend of the project were done, aiming at a quality delivery. In addition, the visualization of the same in different screen resolutions was also thought.

### Test plan and its results

#### User (Client) login and registration

As with all other models, CRUD operations where first tested by performing requests to the server directly, using Postman. Upon verifying that those were functional, we've proceeded to implement the server calls at the corresponding React components. Our tests concluded that user registration works as expected: users are prompted to provide all the necessary identification in order to access their own shopping cart and make purchases. The registration process presents poignant warnings and tips to guide them though it. By using tokens stored as cookies, the logged in state persists as navigation takes place. Notwithstanding, the state of the cart persists even after logging out and back in.

#### Administrator account

Our administrator account was implemented as a variation in type of the user model. The administrator account is able to access the administrator page, where calls for the server can be made to alter the descriptions of products, add or new ones. The same can be said about product categories, that feed into our system of dynamic search with tag-based filters. Due to time constraints, we were not able to implement controls that allow an administrator to add or remove users at will, or change their status from a regular user to administrator and vice-versa. By logging in as a regular user and an administrator interchangeably, we were able to test the impacts of the users actions upon the administrator (such as updating its purchases list) and of the administrator upon the user (by modifying the products, models or categories of products available).

#### Product Sale

Products were modeled as a composition of models: the product and the "model" models. As clothing, though having shared characteristics such as branding and type, can differ in their model by its size and coloring. Such information gets carried over correctly through the administrator screen to the product page and the cart. Due to time constraints, we were not able to implement model specifications to the cart, which is shown to provide confusion when the same user does a variety of purchases of the same type of clothing but on different models.

#### The group's functionality

We've implemented a dynamic search with a tag-based filtering system, present both in the search screen as in the administrator's screen. By adding and removing products or altering existing ones, we were able to confirm its functionality maintains consistency upon various updates to the database.
